Except for this dress
Wrap all the clothes in your store for me
Why don't you sell them in your store?
Yes, of course
Sir, do you mean to wrap everything except this one?
Wait, let me ask
Whose commission do I get for buying all these clothes?
It's all his
Sir, that's fine
Help me wrap all these clothes
Zhang Cheng, these clothes are so expensive
I don't have so much money
It's okay, I'll send it to you
Okay, come to our side to check out
Don't talk about it
Don't let go for a while
Don't be able to afford the money
No password
Alipay arrived 1 million yuan
The card is collected
Okay, we will ask you to help the two of you type one
Welcome to the next visit